Just as a follow-up for other users:

I never really figured out how to use PdfStamper as Paolo suggested in his 
last posting on this subject.  Instead, I realized that I could use a normal 
PdfWriter instead of PdfCopy to append the body contents.  So, the steps I 
followed were somethng like this:

Create ToC and body in separate documents.  As I do this, I save an ArrayList 
of data structures that represents the ToC entries, so that I can easily 
regenerate it.  This data structure contains the text that should go in the 
ToC, the page number that it points to, and a unique "destination name" that 
is really just the page number (this will come into play later).

After finishing the ToC and body, I make a note of how many pages are in the 
ToC.  I next create a new document with PdfWriter.  This will be my 
consolidated document. Based on my ToC data structure, I reacreate the ToC in 
this new document, adjusting the page numbers by the number of pages in the 
original ToC.  As I create each ToC entry this time, I make them act as links 
to the relevant pages (which don't exist yet) by using chunk.setLocalGoto(), 
passing in the "destination name" of the ToC entry data structure.  It seems 
to be fine to set a local goto with a named destination that does not exist, 
as long as the destination does exist before you try to close the document.

Next, I use a PdfReader and loop through the pages of the body document, using 
PdfWriter.getImportedPage() and PdfWriter.addTemplate() to add each page to my 
consolidated document.  Based on my ToC data structure, I will know when I 
have imported a page that the ToC should point to.  When this happens, I 
create a PdfDestination using PdfDestination(PdfDestination.XYZ, -1, -1, 0).  
Then I give this destination the same name as the "destination name" that I 
passed into chunk.setLocalGoto() earlier when creating the ToC.  To do this, I 
use the consolidated writer's DirectContent.LocalDestination() method (it took 
me a while to find that one).

Everything is working well for me, at least so far.  I do not need any reply 
to this posting, it was just intended to wrap up the thread and perhaps help 
out other people who need to do what I needed to do.  Of course, if the iText 
gurus feel that I am setting a bad example for other users by doing things in 
this way, they are free to comment.

Thanks,
Jason